Update docs with default admin credentials to explain init (#2008)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/installation/install-sensu.md

### 2. Initialize

> _**NOTE**: If you are using Docker, skip this step and continue with [3. Configure and start][36]. The `sensu-backend init` command is not implemented for Docker._

Author: ```suggestion
_**NOTE**: If you are using Docker, skip this step and continue with [3. Configure and start][36]. The `sensu-backend init` command runs automatically with a default username (`admin`) and password (`P@ssw0rd!`) for Docker._
```

> 

Author: I added this note based on https://sensu.slack.com/archives/C60EEQFH8/p1576190537067300

If this note is correct, I can add it in the other docs in this PR as appropriate.

Reviewer: Maybe: "The `sensu-backend init` command is automatically ran for you with the default username and password of `admin` and `P@ssw0rd!`."

Saying "The `sensu-backend init` command is not implemented for Docker." is incorrect as the binary inside the container will have that subcommand available, you just don't need to run it to get the admin user provisioned as we are taking care of that for you in 5.16. And then you shouldn't need it again, as you would then just use `sensuctl configure` as the admin user and do all your normal stuff from there.

Author: ^ updated @rgeniesse wdyt?

{{< highlight "shell" >}}
sensuctl configure -n \
--username 'YOUR_USERNAME' \

> --password 'YOUR_PASSWORD' \

Reviewer 2: This works, but I think we also need to update docker installation commands around line 101 (docker) and 108 (docker compose) to include init step.

Author: @cwjohnston I'm not totally sure how to do that -- Should there be separate sections for Docker in the Initialize section (like at line 91)?
Or would they need to run sensu-backend init again for every Docker container?

Author: @rgeniesse pointed out that current plans call for keeping Docker as-is (with default admin/P@ssw0rd!) for 5.16 and rolling out `sensu-backend init` for Docker in 5.17. See https://sensu.slack.com/archives/C60EEQFH8/p1576190537067300 for context.

Reviewer: Yeah, so based on that we won't need to init the docker container; it'll be done for the users in the building of the image. So for those users, they won't notice a difference. But then in 5.17, they'll need to do it. At least, that's the plan.
